gee Stacy Stacy ready for Henry beaten
and the other one who didn't crash i
think that was Walt I'm not mistaken
that's Walt followed by Walt DQ I'm
hanging Thursday see people watch out
build along Tom Regan Stacey peacock
sound Vicki oh you Tommy's now in third
bills I six that place
second first through this didn't I spell
Sam nickey's in for stacy's falling back
three minutes left he lives in that
black bucket full an orange surplus
vehicles the black and red truck then
the silver and black truck is in fourth
and then the LOL fo g is in fifth 2 30
mins hours to 30 remaining and Tommy
Reagan closing in quickly on build along
belong in that fat bucket followed by
tommy reagan in the orange and blue feel
catches of hybrid catches him and they
both right there sat outside and it's
going to be Tommy rigging out front Tom
Regan now beginning to scroll maining
drivers a minute 40 remaining race 3
race 3 beginning ready
45 seconds 45 seconds remaining guys 20
seconds remaining extra class time you
waking up from the sea if he's gonna
make that extra lap he does
strong guys finished left on facing
we're done no you are done